c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\csc.exe.config
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\csc.rsp
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\csi.exe
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\csi.rsp
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Scripting.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Scripting.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.amd64.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.DiaSymReader.Native.x86.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\System.AppContext.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\System.Diagnostics.StackTrace.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\System.IO.FileSystem.Primitives.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe.config
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\vbc.rsp
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.dll.config
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebApplication4.pdb
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.dll
c:\users\nicksong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.pdb
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.sec.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.sezz.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\IronPython.dll
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\IronPython.Modules.dll
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\IronPython.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\IronPython.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Dynamic.dll
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Scripting.AspNet.dll
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Scripting.dll
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Scripting.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\IronPython.xml
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\IronPython.Modules.xml
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\IronPython.SQLite.xml
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\IronPython.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Dynamic.xml
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Scripting.xml
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Scripting.AspNet.xml
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\bin\Microsoft.Scripting.Metadata.xml
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.force.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.sexy.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.Taichi.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.zig.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.zag.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.zug.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.zkg.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.zyg.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.zXG.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.zXX.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.zXy.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.zXz.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.zxxx.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.zxxxx.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.zxxxxx.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.zxxxxxx.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.zxxxxxxx.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.zxxxxxxxx.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.mon.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.mony.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.monyy.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.monyyy.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.monyyyy.resources
C:\Users\NickSong\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\WebApplication4\WebApplication4\obj\Debug\WebApplication4.Migrations.monyyyyY.resources
